---
title: A Blog Post
date: 2021-04-22T03:44:32.387Z
image: /.vuepress/public/dseifert_200803_4125_0006.0.0.jpg
author: BK Shrinandhan
location: Chennai
tags:
  - python
  - dex
  - tablet
description: |-
  Hi! how are you
  I am using cat ipsum: http://catipsum.com
featured: true
---
# ***Pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see***

***Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet shake treat bag cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back eat all the power cords***

**Steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter run in circles lick butt and make a weird face fat baby cat best buddy little guy. Kick up litter pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me or claws in the eye of the beholder. Lick plastic bags sit on the laptop, yet reward the chosen human with a slow blink yet loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it mesmerizing birds leave hair on owner's clothes, this human feeds me, i should be a god. Cat is love, cat is life hate dogs. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants hate dogs hack up furballs lay on arms while you're using the keyboard yet i like fish, chase red laser dot. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human. Prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark scream at teh bath or i like frogs and 0 gravity cat ass trophy or meow to be let in. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss claws in your leg lie in the sink all day, shove bum in owner's face like camera lens or play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard but attack like a vicious monster use lap as chair. Funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you throwup on your pillow, for prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark when in doubt, wash. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside. Refuse to leave cardboard box. Cats are a queer kind of folk.**\
\
Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us so plan your travel jump off balcony, onto stranger's head the cat was chasing the mouse. Bite nose of your human more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor so then cats take over the world. Fart in owners food love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) so cats secretly make all the worlds muffins eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender purr. Hit you unexpectedly sit on human and litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me ask to be pet then attack owners hand or love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out . Hell is other people shake treat bag fat baby cat best buddy little guy. Sit on human curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels attack like a vicious monster but licks paws. Rub against owner because nose is wet kitty litter box is life, but ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss so lick butt, for walk on keyboard. Run at 3am. Hell is other people crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened but ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss, so ask for petting.\
\
Scratch the box cats woo open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! but ooooh feather moving feather! but crusty butthole intently stare at the same spot. I like frogs and 0 gravity i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy. Meow meow mama i love cuddles. Murder hooman toes eat the rubberband. Groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep poop on grasses rub face on everything. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside meow meow yet cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back for kitty loves pigs, hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away eat from dog's food. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Sleeps on my head cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? hiss at vacuum cleaner i like frogs and 0 gravity, i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better pee on walls it smells like breakfast plop down in the middle where everybody walks. Jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out pet me pet me don't pet me yet make meme, make cute face. Attack like a vicious monster poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Cat is love, cat is life. Look at dog hiiiiiisssss scream at teh bath the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws, yet pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss so cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? for weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. If it fits, i sits do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life yet sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am immediately regret falling into bathtub. White cat sleeps on a black shirt find something else more interesting. Hack up furballs attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently so chew on cable but hide head under blanket so no one can see but make muffins meow meow, i tell my human. Run in circles making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes ooooh feather moving feather! and eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants stare at ceiling light yet intently stare at the same spot. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box licks your face or meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat or and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet damn that dog . Poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted yet stare at ceiling light and sleeping in the box. Have secret plans i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! sit on the laptop being gorgeous with belly side up. Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall scratch the furniture. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish.